is almost always so with the images and
chronic
at the instant of the photographer click
photographed clearly if one notices the
impact of the moment
José Manuel Ribeiro Photojournalist
defeats position at the time pain in the moment
in which adriana xavier
an 18-year-old girl walks off the
protesters in front of the offices
fmi lisboa hugs you is a police officer of the
intervention body a hug because
The staff will do their best to be a bros and
miss planes or intention now is
positive from Brazil with the intention that
known a touch was not a
very pure feeling in me even said
that came off when you breathe them
background before hugging and it was all very
I was the proof of the United States assassins though
stayed five free football tracks is
always mine the next time and then it's
let yourself be held
so they want to see if one comes to
image was sent by the Reuters agency
for newspapers all over the world and all
They are seen on social networks who considers
a symbol of peaceful manifestation that
On Saturday he took the street.
tens of thousands of Portuguese adriana
is an 18-year-old student who became
the face of this crowd confesses that
involve in the protest by simple
curiosity but it ended up being packed
at least inside me was a
demonstration of a basic symbol and
units of blood I'm in an outbreak
It's on, it's no more than I do.
with him is more than anyone else than
no one is all the same if we have
all the same before the arm
the young woman should be a student of
secondary arts in lakes already had
attempted to perceive the proving of the
particular photo will be on the other side
of the manifestation happened happened me
look
I'll ask a question
question and I want space and our
stock here you are here for that right?
at the moment I'm here because my
work and I know it's rubbish and one
fried explodes and I found it in my eyes and
yes on what he does and engage janke
ii
so why not join in the jeep looks
forward Adriano has no idea who
are the legends breaking south expects the
peaceful gesture has not been a fact
normal and I think none I brought anything
I hardly think it may have caused
never should people be good awards was
other this I think I 'm not that bad
personally and may have
disputed some good thoughts to see
Saturday's demonstration was the first
his ana confesses
more than being part of an image
famous that it was that image had been
extinct